Liss so the Netflix top-10 has become
like the new box office boasting for
streaming at least on Netflix like
remember when big movie started
incorporating fresh tomato scores into
their trailers well for code a showing
up on that never ending Netflix catalog
is huge especially when you have a
number next to your name which starts
from Monday mmm
at 8/7 central on the CW streets really
gonna kill that phrase by the next
generation like imagine telling the
on-demand kids about having to tune in
in a certain hour or the show was gone
you know it used to be you needed a
friend with the camera you needed this
you needed that now everyone's got one
and then not only that for independent
film you've got so many outlets so many
streaming networks for places to go it
used to be such a studio system now
everybody can make their own enough it's
a Canadian sci-fi from Canada about a
future where super-powered humans get
discriminated against while crime lords
realize that they can get really high
off their spinal fluid I really like the
concept it's a decent action flick that
again is a junior price available for a
stream and it also stars to finally
super-powered cousins what was it like
starring in code eight with me
considering I'm playing the handsome and
much much younger leading man did your
old age make it difficult to remember
all your lines no your performance did
let me explain so director Jeff Chen had
previously done a couple of Co D shorts
obviously most know Stephen from his
action-packed work in WWE
[Applause]
but it was Robbie who came in with the
super-powered vendetta
after getting meme for one of his first
big roles in the Duff but I'm the guy
who hates seeing poor athleticism on
camera mm-hmm because I didn't grow up
an actor and it just always really bugs
me and I was like this is my nightmare
being the guy that I hate honestly I
paint the football and in posts well now
like al-qaeda they started their own
crowdfunding campaign through IndieGoGo
aiming to raise $200,000 to turn their
short film into a future and what did
you know it you know I accidently
tripled it or so three hundred people
paid money to fly to Toronto somewhere
from here but a lot from around the
world flew to Toronto put themselves up
and were extras in the movie Steve it
even did a voice in the original short
that's up on YouTube but made sure that
he expanded it for the future except for
one thing I remember an early draft of
the scripts where my character didn't
have superpowers and you demanded yes I
did so full spoilers 4% of the
population of superpowers ranging from
static shock abilities to one so strong
they can power an entire franchise and
the world has to deal with undocumented
super-powered people cuz at any point
someone could give birth to a jack Jack
and black out the city on top of that
crime syndicates let's be honest
probably the government's are making a
drug out of powered people spinal fluid
called psych so it's definitely up there
with the recent slow of gritty realistic
heroes stories - the capes
[Music]
when we was when we told people like
what's code eight mean and we were like
it's a criminal it's a it's a code four
you know criminal incident involving
someone with a superpower a couple
people were like is that a real thing no
but it's nice that you think so and by
the way I've been told a code eight is
when an officer needs to pee I love how
they went all out from the short
basically making it a watchdogs lights
they're bringing in facial recognition
drones an entire infrastructure that
profits off of human patterns so you
know pretty much everything there
implementing right now our main
character is Connor who has shockingly
good powers for construction but without
a permit he stuck Home Depot yet his
main goal is to raise money for his mom
who has cancer which causes their powers
to flare up but the moms also worried
because their dad got killed robbing a
store to provide for them and now
Connors about to take an arrow to the
knee working for the bad guys he joins
Garrett and his clan who all have
superpowers yet ironically end up being
the backbone to the drug dealer pushing
psych that said Garrett notices Connors
a lot more powerful than he knows and
stares at him like a jealous cousin
before teaching him how to fight back he
who you are and if you see something
that you want take it
however he should have been teaching his
crew since they all get turned on
out of all the characters I feel worse
for Nia who's just trying to chill the
whole movie Nia Nia can laugh she has
the power to heal people but because her
father got into a lot of that she's
pretty much the boss's HP packs that he
keeps around you know at gunpoint so
Connor being the good guy in the story
tries to free her and tells her to heal
his mom at gunpoint
it could kill me then he remembers the
CW contract and backs off having having
played arrow was it feel like playing a
bad guy and I would go what do you mean
he they do deal in more shades of gray
than a Christian like for example one of
the cops named Park keeps drifting in
and out of doing his job but we like him
because you know I'm probably cause he's
hon but we want him to help our good guy
Connor even though he technically should
be booking our bad guy Connor then we
learned that even as a daughter with
powers that he's protecting and you get
what's going on Garrett may now have the
scummy bosses position but in his eyes
that sounds like a promotion pretty much
no matter what powers we receive as
humans his stories letting us know that
it's never gonna fix how broken
it's crazy to think that this started as
a short got the full feature and now
they have a kwibi series returning them
back to short form they've talked about
wanting to recreate a raid like action
sequence going up a building and this
series is supposed to follow them years
later as both of their characters meet
up to take down some more crime they
even have a comic series in the work
really it's their own arrowverse but
they're finally making the rules
ultimately this is this idea rests with
with Jeff and with Chris
there's no studio executive there
because there was no studio yeah there's
no network executive there because there
was no network honestly I think is
pretty cool you know these are friends
and family who are getting together to
make this movie obviously the bigger the
property gets they do worry how many
more people are meddling with it but I
do think these guys in the Russos well
obviously having big franchises behind
them that that gave them their fan bases
at least they're doing stuff with it you
know and in the case of Robbie it's
never having to become a meme again
because the movie was rushing things
like how to throw a football so I get to
my mark
and right where I'm supposed to throw a
football is a giant diffusion so I'm
like where am I supposed to throw this
football and they're like we'll just
throw it to somebody standing beside the
camera I'm like so I'm throwing the
football to someone three feet in front
of me right and this is just a PA who's
standing beside the the camera and I
don't want a rifle of football at
somebody a few feet from me with my
engine equipment all around well I just
said I'm making this stupid dim like
dinky don't pass throwing motion I
fought the director on it you fought it
you fought the director yeah I was like
just make some space for me they're like
we don't have time for this which is
true it's a five week shoot it's my
first lead role in a movie I don't have
any real power hmm when that went viral
the director texted me and he's like I'm
so sorry what happened and he was like I
can go on Twitter I'm like don't it's
fine I might just hopefully little died
one day and then it went way more viral
and I had friends hitting me up and
they're like what's wrong with you I'm
like shut up this is not my fault but
after half a decade and a CW role later
after life with Derrick and a series of
unfortunate events Robbie
finally had the chance to
his fault that was also like three feet
thank you guys for watching this video
I'm curious to know your thoughts down
below in the comment section it's
available on Netflix
for I don't know how long but I that was
one thing that really stood out to me is
that this isn't a Netflix original
meaning that Netflix movies have
something that I don't think Disney or
Apple or even HBO could do and that's
except other movies from Disney app for
HBO I mean at a certain point they're
not gonna let them do it but for these
independent movies it's cool that they
can be on Netflix for a little bit make
it to the top ten and it's still their
own stuff I'm curious to see what they
do more with it they're keeping the same
group which I like to hear I know the
VFX team I believe did in the tall grass
so you know they they got a future with
them because I really like the work they
did here
other than that I'm curious to know your
thoughts down below in the comment
section dealing with this movie or any
of the other ones thank you for
commenting liking and subscribing and
don't forget if you don't like the movie
Steve will refund you yep